What is SDLC

*The software development lifecycle (SDLC) is the cost-effective and time-efficient process
that development teams use to design and build high-quality software.
The goal of SDLC is to minimize project risks through forward planning 
so that software meets customer expectations during production and beyond.



 What is software testing?

*Software testing is the process of evaluating and verifying that a 
software product or application does what it is supposed to do.
The benefits of testing include preventing bugs, reducing development costs and improving performance.



 What is agile methodology?

*Agile SDLC model is a combination of interative and increments process models with foces on process
adaptability and custom satisfaction by raid delivery of working software product.
The Agile methodology is a way to manage a project by breaking it up into several phases.
It involves constant collaboration with stakeholders and continuous improvement at every stage. 
Once the work begins, teams cycle through a process of planning, executing, and evaluating. 
Continuous collaboration is vital, both with team members and project stakeholders.



 What is SRS

*What Is a Software Requirements Specification (SRS) Document?
A software requirements specification (SRS) is a document that describes 
what the software will do and how it will be expected to perform. 
It also describes the functionality the product needs to fulfill the needs of all stakeholders (business, users).



 What is oops

*OOPs (Object-Oriented Programming System)
Object means a real-world entity such as a pen, chair, table, computer, watch, etc.
Object-Oriented Programming is a methodology or paradigm to design a program using classes and objects. 
It simplifies software development and maintenance by providing some concepts: Object.



 Write Basic Concepts of oops

*oops (Object-Oriented Programming system)
An approach or a programming pattern where the programs are structured around objects rather than functions and logic.



 What is object

*It can be down both dynatic testing and stiting testing (SRS)
find defects-->priveding defects-->quality
ganing cofedance in and proveding information of any application quality.



 What is class

*In object-oriented programming, a class is a template definition of the methods and variables in a particular kind of object. 
Thus, an object is a specific instance of a class; it contains real values instead of variables.
The class is one of the defining ideas of object-oriented programming. 
Among the important ideas about classes are:-
.A class can have subclasses that can inherit all or some of the characteristics of the class. 
In relation to each subclass, the class becomes the superclass.
.Subclasses can also define their own methods and variables that are not part of their superclass.
.The structure of a class and its subclasses is called the class hierarchy.


 What is encapsulation

*Encapsulation is a way to restrict the direct access to some components of an object, 
so users cannot access state values for all of the variables of a particular object. 
Encapsulation can be used to hide both data members and data functions or methods associated with an instantiated class or object.


 What is inheritance

*Inheritance is the process by which genetic information is passed on from parent to child. 
.This is why members of the same family tend to have similar characteristics.
We actually have two genomes? each
.We get one copy of our genome from each of our parents
.Inheritance describes how genetic material is passed on from parent to child.



 What is polymorphism

*Polymorphism means "many forms", and it occurs when we have many classes that are related to each other by inheritance. 
Like we specified in the previous chapter; Inheritance lets us inherit attributes and methods from another class. 
Polymorphism uses those methods to perform different tasks.


 Write SDLC phases with basic introduction
 Explain Phases of the waterfall model
 Write phases of spiral model
 Explain working methodology of agile model and also write pros and cons.
 Draw usecase on Online shopping product using COD.
 Draw usecase on Online shopping product using payment gateway.
 Draw Usecase on Online book shopping
 Draw Usecase on online bill payment system (paytm)